I am working on a team with another robotics engineer and, um, well, 2 robotics engineers and another electrical engineer. Uh, we go to WPI, which has a final project for, um, undergraduate, which is called MQP. And our project is with an outside sponsor to make an automated Mycelium inoculator. Um, We have, um, some testing underway with prototype hardware, but I feel as if the code base is not well organized or representative of the current state of the project. And due to the short timeline remaining, um, the code needs to be well structured, it needs to be, um, easily modifiable. It needs to be reliable so that we don't spend time debugging code when we need to be designing new process. And, um, the documentation needs to be accurate and, um, easy to follow. So, uh, the report can accurately reflect the contents of the project. There are 2 code bases. for this project. One of them is the MQP report, which contains uh, some images of the, uh, items being worked with, uh, along with some of the ideas for testing, and the, uh, latex document uh, describing, um, the background, the methodology, and uh, what will be the results and conclusion. The other code base, um, is the software. Um, which is presently a mix of C code developed for the ESP 32 C6. Um, We are using a development board. Um, with some, um, optocoupler inputs and some relay outputs along with, um, serial communication ports. It is paired with a touchscreen, uh, which is the main, um, interaction device for the user, um, and also C code developed for a raspberry pie, Pico 2. Um, implemented on the arm core. And this device handles all of the hardware interactions. Um, this includes uh, connecting with the actuators and sensors of the system, which are 2 linear actuators responsible for opening and closing the flaps. The functionality of these is, um, a positive voltage on them will extend them, uh, which will then, um, well, actually, It extends the flaps, but due to the uh, mechanism for the flat moving, it retracts the actuator. Um, and then applying a negative voltage on them, does the opposite where it extends the actuator, closing the flap. Um, These 2 flaps are at the bottom of the hopper module, and the throw of the actuator has been tuned mechanically to the system. Such that when the actuator reaches its, um, endpoint for extension, the flap is all the way closed and is completely obstructing the bottom of the hopper. When the state is reached, an internal limit switch in both of the actuators will, um, prevent further current flow in that direction. So any current monitoring will drop, will show a value near 0 when the actuator reaches this endpoint. Additionally, when the actuator extends, uh, no, when the actuator retracts all the way, and the flap opens all the way, the, um, angle of the flap is sort of in line with the inside wall of the hopper. And again, there's a limit switch that prevents further current flow in that direction. So the, um, actuator will, the current will drop to zero. Um, there are also stepper motors, some, um, I believe it is Nema frame 23, maybe Nema 17. Um, some of the smaller, like 3D printer size step promoters. Um, that are connected with smart SPI, um, drivers that have the capability of measuring, um, apparent motor torque. These motor, these stepper motors are used to control many of the other functions. Um, there is one that controls the, Agitator, which has an eccentric arm on it, um, that compresses one of the sides of the hopper. Um, there is a stepper motor that, through a gear set swings in arm, that has suction cups on it for sticking to the closed, uh, side of the bag and swinging it up and around to open it. There's another step remoter that interacts through a rack and pinion. for controlling an arm that has another set of vacuum cups on it. That, uh, will then meet at the top once the bag is swung open to stick to the opposite side and then actually pull the bag apart. Um, There is another separate motor that, through a rack and pinion, controls the depth that the bag of, um, I should specify, the previous bags that have mentioned have, uh, all been the substrate bag, which is where the inoculant goes into to propagate. this substrate bag needs to slide into the opening module And there's a wreck and pinion that sets the depth in which it's, uh, can enter this module, which lets us set the bag to be centered, regardless of the width of the bag, which is standardized, but might be process change. This, uh, actuator, then also serves the purpose of ejecting the bag once it has been inoculated. Um, there is a final stepper motor that swings a turntable that is part of the superstructure that moves the opening module from an intake position, where a ramp will slide the bags of substrate into this opening module, and then, Um, the ramp will stop the bags from continuing to, um, slide into the opening module. Um, the change for this is when there's we detect a weight. increase on the scale. Um, I'll get into that in a second, but the, um, once the bag is then inoculated, the opening module on the turntable will rotate around to the other side. where the ejector, um, that rack and pinion that sets the depth of the bag will actually actuate all the way out to push the bag, um, out of our machine onto a table to get sealed. Somewhere else on this, um, turntable will be a, like a trash disposal. Um, and that is for the tip of the inoculant bag. Which sits in the hopper module. Um, the rest of the opening module contains, um, 2 more actuators in another sensor. The sensor is a weight scale, which is a commercially available, um, kitchen scale, modified with, um, the original strain gauges connected to an HX 711, um, board that measures the, uh, load on the strain gauges. and reports via its serial protocol um to the raspberry pie. And there are also 2 vacuum pumps. One is, um, a simple on off vacuum pump. And the other one has a, um, a PWM, um, RPM sense wire on it. Um, the purpose of this sense wire is to determine if the vacuum pump has, um, pulled a vacuum without directly measuring the vacuum it is pulling. Um, The plan for implementation is to on the arm that swings up and over. to detect a failed opening where the bag comes detached from the vacuum comes through the motion. Um, the signal on the vacuum pump for RPM, will, I believe, slightly decrease, because the effective load, um, No, I, it, uh, I think it does increase, the speed of the pump will increase. when there is no longer, um, vacuum on the input side of it. So if we detect that small change, um, then that means that the arm needs to go back down and press against the bag. Um, the inoculate, the, The substrate bag. And achieve a seal again before trying to reopen. I believe that is the extent of the opening module. The hopper module. It's a 4 sided uh, inverted pyramid. with 2 flaps that can close to completely block off the bottom or open to sort of continue the inside slope of the walls and leave a space at the bottom. Inside of this module, a 4 mil thick plastic bag filled with millet is placed, that millet has mycelium colony is growing in it, which is the spawn that we are dispensing. The flaps are controlled with 2 very strong linear actuators, um, that are connected to motor controllers with current monitoring. The functionality includes closing the flaps, uh, to crimp a point. And then, um, a hot wire, a piece of microme wire, um, connected to another constant, a motor controller with constant current ability. This motor controller will put a few amps, I think, close to about 5 amps through this wire. which should heat it up, um, not red hot, but hot enough to um, melt and even burn the plastic. so that it can remain sterile. It's hot wire needs to be strung between, um, to, uh, linear rails, and needs to be controlled with a stepper motor and a rack and pinion. The hot wire will pass through the crimped corner of the um, Mycelium bag. When the opening module is rotated out of the way, and this corner with a little bit of the spawn material and the plastic tip will fall into the trash below. Um, then when the uh, substrate bag is positioned underneath the opening module uh, underneath the hopper module. The, The flaps will begin to open. They need to do this slowly because the inoculant, um, has variable flow characteristics and the dosi needs to be very accurately controlled. When the flaps have opened enough to establish some rate of flow. a closed loop mechanism between the weight sensor and the flaps needs to be established. So that the rate of flow is very tightly controlled. Um, this will ensure that the dosing period is long enough to um, anticipate when it needs to end. and to not overshoot the target. Um, during this dosing period. The spawn in the inoculant bag may bridge, which is where a clump will form, preventing the millet from flowing down to the bottom corner. In this case, the flaps should close to prevent a sudden outrush of spawn once it's unclumped. Um, and then the agitator, the step remoter needs to gently need the side of the bag. Um, after a short period of this, the flaps will open again slowly. Um, sort of as they do at the beginning of an inoculant cycle, a dosing cycle. Let's call it dosing. Um, when um, when the flow is reestablished, the uh, the closed loop goes back to, um, targeting a flow rate, um, if the flow, um, uh, is getting near the target mass into the bag, which is by weight percentage. The flaps need to begin to close. Um, There is some remaining spawn that may fall out once the flaps start to close. Um, sort of like as it recrimps the corner of the bag, sometimes there's a little, um, inoculant in that corner that will continue to fall out. This needs to be controlled for or at least measured, even if it is a small portion of the total mass of the inoculant. Um, If the dosing target is not reached, um, then that indicates that the bag is empty, however, um, or that the bag has severely bridged and the, uh, agitator can't fix it. Um, There is a separate mechanism for determining when the inoculant bag will be empty. The system should measure the weight of the inoculant bag, and then track how much has been dispensed. Um, and then if a substrate bag enters the system, and it, the system knows that it does not have enough inoculant for that bag, um, it should, uh, prompt a user to, um, decide whether to dose the remaining amount or if to stop the process. Um, stopping the process may be actually replacing the inoculant bags, which would require moving to the trash mode, dumping the remaining amount of spawn, swapping the bag and then continuing, um, dosing. Please review the existing project state through the code base and also the report. I will expect many high quality technical questions. that I will gladly answer to the best of my ability. I am looking to not entirely overhaul the code, but to simplify, um, some of the scattered definitions for tuning parameters, um, and to make um, the state machines more robust. Um, and provide accurate documentation for the way the code works.